[Keith] There are birds
called demoiselle cranes
that cross the Himalayas
each year
to reach
their wintering grounds.
You could probably get there
the same way.
[Lily] As the cranes?
Head to the northern cliff.
Northern cliff?
[Keith] Yeah. You'll have
to jump off the cliff
at a speed of at least
15 kilometers per hour.
After falling for two seconds,
you'll reach this point,
and then whoosh!
That's when I spread my wings.
Then, if you can catch
one of the updrafts
that occur there
during this season,
it'll carry you above the clouds
without you doing any work.
Once you get above the clouds,
you can start your ascent
toward Canopus.
Toward Canopus? What's up there?
A white ship
hidden among the stars.
A ship?
An enormous airship
that was built during the war.
It's called the "Moby Dick."
It's Market Maker's
base of operations.
If she's being kept anywhere,
she's there.
Yuna.
Do you think
she'll be waiting for me?
I told you, didn't I?
You do remember I'm the one
who deciphered
the Jetblack inscription?
Yeah.
It was said that the glyphs
couldn't be cracked.
No one could figure out
that their meaning was changing
based on their direction
and combination.
Vertical, horizontal, diagonal,
even, odd, prime, roots--
countless patterns exist,
with each configuration
forming their own sentence.
Not many people
are aware of this...
CULTURE ECONOMICS
PHILOSOPHY GEOGRAPHY...
...but that one stone slab
contains a massive amount
of information and mythology
that's even on par
with the Bible.
But the thing
was full of metaphors,
so it was complicated
making heads or tails
out of all of the information.
However, one passage
is hard to ignore.
"Tale of the Two
Shrine Maidens."
On the night
of the 13th full moon,
the man who was chosen
by the two shrine maidens
gained power,
companions, and wings
and became
the black-winged king.
Having fulfilled their purpose,
the two maidens
presented the king
with a blade that burned blue.
"Decapitate one of us,"
they said.
The maiden whose head
was cut off turned to ash
and merged with the king,
granting him yet another power.
He married the other maiden,
and the two fought together
atop Cremona's summit.
She then shared his tragic fate
at the end.
[sighs]
[Keith] Does that
sound familiar to you?
Both me and my old man--
No, it's happened to everyone
who's come into contact with it.
Our actions
became driven by that tablet.
If God is something
we define as being eternal
and having the ability
to bend fate to its will,
then that tablet itself
could be considered God.
[Koku] If our actions really
are driven by that tablet,
then the connection I have
with it will cause Yuna to die.
If fate actually
plays a part in this world,
you'll just have to accept it.
If you can not do that,
then you're
gonna have to fight back.
Koku, don't allow
the future to scare you.
The hope, the despair,
see it all for yourself.
[Minatsuki] It's beginning.
We will save our brethren
by working together.
It won't be you.
[gasps]
His world is
strictly below the clouds.
Even if he should try to fly up
and reach the stars,
his wings
will be burned by ice,
and he will plummet
to oblivion...
just like Icarus.
[Yuna] He's going to come.
I know Koku.
He'll come.
[woman vocalizing]
He probably
won't use the main streets,
so we can't predict travel time.
I think these roads over here
are the safer bet.
But he'd stick out
like a sore thumb.
Right, because he's on the run.
Then would he use a street he
knew was prone to traffic jams?
None of that matters.
As far as he's concerned,
this is just an ordinary day.
[Eric] I'm not sure
this is an ordinary anything.
Nonetheless, we'll never
make any headway at this rate.
We have to narrow down
the search somehow.
-[Kaela gasps]
-What is it?
That crowd search software
I used earlier...
it might be what we need.
Of course.
We just need to tweak it a bit
so it detects cars
that are behaving erratically.
Can you do it?
Yeah, I can,
but there's one small problem,
not enough satellites.
In order for me
to pull this thing off,
I'd need a radius
of 1.8 kilometers.
Tell me how many.
Just two more.
Do you approve of this?
[gasps]
[Eric] There you go.
[Kaela] What did you do?
[Eric] Something this old guy
taught me a while back.
[Eric] Lily's life
is on the line. Hurry.
[metal taps]
[Gilbert] No one's coming.
He won't have enough time
to find us here.
When he arrives,
it'll be too late.
[Kaela] Got it.
Where is he?
He's heading
straight for the harbor.
The harbor?
Kaela,
display max travel distance
centered around those spots.
-By ship?
-That's right.
And speed?
Use the average.
There's no traffic at sea.
22 knots.
So it would be
around half a mile.
Margin of error?
Make it a different color.
What's this?
That's the Ramon Harbor.
It's military-controlled,
so it's closed off
to the public.
Ramon? Where have I
heard that name before?
[Eric] The Ramon
Psychiatric Hospital.
Dead Kyle again.
Yes, it's the hospital
where he was being treated.
A hospital?
I believe his adoptive father
was in the navy.
so there's a good chance
that he pulled
some strings for his son.
[Kaela] Looks like
they have ties to us, too.
What?
Look here.
Apparently dead bodies
with no one to claim them
are delivered to the lab
to be used as cadavers.
Corpses delivered?
[Gilbert] It's the anniversary
of her death.
Time sure flies by.
Are you still searching?
It's been seven years now.
That book by Melville?
You lent me a copy ages ago.
Erika would never
listen to music like this.
...worst craving
for a cigarette.
Erika.
[Koku] This country is crawling
with more discarded Reggies
than you can imagine.
The answer
you've been looking for
has been
right underneath your noses.
Another cadaver?
[gasps]
[Keith] No.
That's not it.
Another cadaver?
[door buzzer beeps]
[driver] No problem.
Kaela, I need you to go through
Gilbert's exit logs.
From the lab? Hang on a sec.
Huh? No way.
If these logs are up to date,
Gilbert Ross
hasn't left the lab.
-What?
-In the last eight years,
how many times
has Gilbert stayed late
and worked past midnight?
37 times.
Black hair, fair skin.
Don't forget the brown eyes.
Around 25 years old
and under 5'3".
How many missing women
are there that fit the profile?
37.
[gasps]
There's no doubt.
Gilbert's lair...
is right beneath us.
Kaela, can you pull up
the blueprints?
[Kaela] There are a bunch.
Which one?
All of 'em.
[Kaela] It's been altered a lot.
[Eric] Well, it's been added to
constantly for 300 years.
[Kaela] That explains
why each floor
is a different
architectural style.
Kaela, display the plans,
but see if you
can separate them by year.
Just a second.
[Keith] Also, show us attics
and crawl spaces...
-Okay.
-voids between the additions.
-Done.
-Show me any dead space
larger than 180 centimeters.
[Kaela] That's this one. Done.
-[gasps]
-Hmm?
It was right under our noses,
but we completely missed it.
Kaela, call for backup.
-We can't.
-Why not?
Just think about it.
There's no way
he pulled this off by himself.
It's not possible.
You mean...
We don't know how many people
he has working on the inside.
It is very likely that
there are a lot more of them
than there are of us.
If we don't land
a decisive blow,
they're going to decimate us.
So what are you suggesting
we do, then?
We will put an end
to this madness by ourselves.
Please take 'em off.
[click]
[whirring]
Let's go.
[Eric] Yes, sir!
When we finally
apprehend Gilbert,
what do you plan to do with him?
[buzzer whines]
[gasps]
A space like this
was in the station house?
There are just so many of them.
[Keith] Puzo.
Who's he?
He's Albert Puzo,
Chief Executive of Jaula Blanca.
It was the organization
that made its sole purpose
to revive the divine bloodline.
In addition to that,
he's Gilbert Ross' father
and has the distinction
of being his very first kill.
This is where he began.
He killed everyone here
himself?
This is far more
than just 37 people!
-What could he be planning?!
-I don't know.
Don't know? You must be joking!
This is utter madness, Keith!
What the hell are we
supposed to do here?!
I've been investigating him
for a long time.
In fact, he was probably aware,
but his behavior
hasn't changed.
He kills people
like the rest of us breathe,
and then he behaves
like nothing had ever happened.
Days later,
someone else is arrested,
and after they confess,
they end up dying
in one way or another--
suicide, murder, sickness.
After everything has been reset,
he goes back to his daily
routine until the next kill.
That's just insane.
He couldn't possibly--
He most certainly could.
You'd need immense power
and a guiltless conscience
combined...
with an intellect
superior to others.
[gasps]
[cell phone buzzing]
[Gilbert] Hello, Keith.
Are you still there?
Where's Lily?
She really does look
like Erika, doesn't she,
right down to the color
of her skin and eyes.
Tell me, what do you
want me to do with her?
Do whatever you want.
[gasps]
I see you only used one scalpel.
From the looks of things,
you bolted out of here
in quite a hurry.
Did we crash the party early?
You don't have Lily with you,
and she isn't dead.
Had you killed her,
you wouldn't have been
able to use her to slow me down.
Look, Gilbert, I'm not the same
person that I used to be.
I have teammates this time.
[Gilbert laughs]
Don't make me laugh. Teammates?
[laughs]
It seems as though
you're going to escape tonight,
and for now, that's fine. Run.
But no matter where you run to,
the only things waiting for you
will be darkness and despair.
I'm going to hunt you down
and find you,
and using my own two hands,
I'll end your existence.
I'm so happy to hear you
say those words,
my dear friend, Keith Flick.
Pardon me.
Is this--
[gasps]
[Eric] Lily!
[shuddering]
[gags]
Lily!
-[Eric] Keith?
-Over here!
She's been drugged.
[Eric] Lily!
-Lily, hang on!
-I've got her.
Just move that one off her.
[grunts]
-Lily!
-She'll be fine!
Get an ambulance here,
and set up a cordon!
-[Eric] Kaela!
-[gasps] Yes, sir!
Gilbert escaped.
Lock down the area
around the station house
right away!
Roger! And is...
She's in one piece, thankfully.
Seriously?
She's been injected
with some kind of a drug.
Call for an ambulance
immediately.
Roger.
Is this what he used
to get away?
You know,
you're quite something.
Hmm?
I'm moving up the timetable.
I want you to kill everybody
with ties to the Royal Police
as quickly as you can.
Use the gas if you have to.
[Minatsuki, distorted]
I'm busy now.
You're what?
Our hands are full
at the moment.
We can't spare any time
to deal with you.
Bastard!
Are you trying to be funny?
Not at all.
[altering to Minatsuki]
You have our eternal gratitude.
You saved us.
But don't forget...
we saved you as well.
[Gilbert] Minatsuki.
Well, I have things to do.
Goodbye now.
-Wait! Minatsu--
-[beep]
[shuddering]
Damn it! Damn it!
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
[panting]
[groaning]
[wails]
I just knew it.
I knew I couldn't beat Keith.
And yet, he still...
Don't go. No.
[gasps]
Erika! Erika!
Erika.
Erika, don't go.
I beg you, please don't
leave me here alone.
[gasps] Erika.
[sighs]
She's finally dead.
[chuckles]
[grunts]
It's almost funny,
Every last one of them
is behaving so predictably.
They're so simple.
All that's left now
is the epilogue.
Let's finish this, Genie.
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ There's somewhere
That we belong ♪
♪ And God
Has never played his role ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the one
Who saves my soul ♪
♪ It's a perfect world
We're longing for ♪
♪ So long ♪
♪ Cursing shadows ♪
♪ Hunt and gather ♪
♪ In the city of no answer ♪
♪ As we follow
Endless questions ♪
♪ Hands up
In the same reflection ♪
♪ Sometimes we try to feel ♪
♪ How things just used to be
In yesterdays ♪
♪ Now or never,
Make it better ♪
♪ No one ever lives forever ♪
♪ Wake me up, and let me go ♪
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ To somewhere we all belong ♪
♪ For so long ♪
Subtitle translation By David Fleming